Update mapping file upload limits (#26619)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/android/error_tracking.md

## Limitations

### File sizing

> Mapping files are limited up to **500 MB**. If your project has a mapping file larger than this, use one of the following options to reduce the file size:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping files are limited in size to **500 MB** each. If your project has a mapping file larger than this, use one of the following options to reduce the file size:
```
